chore (refs T30974): Add (boxShadow & rounded) json to tokens. (#193)
demos-europe/demosplan-ui: tokens/tokens.rounded.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs'

<Meta
  title="Design Tokens/Rounded"
  parameters={{
    viewMode: 'docs',
    previewTabs: {
      canvas: {
        hidden: true
      }
    },
  }} />

# Rounded tokens

> The demosplan-ui Rounded tokens is the way things may be rounded in demosplan. Applied via the `border-radius` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tokens define the way things may be rounded in demosplan. Apply them via the `border-radius` property.
```

> There are different Rounded variables, you can use any of them for the element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### None - No radius.
```
$dp-rounded-none
```

#### Smallest

> available radius discernible from 0. Use this value for rounded elements inside elements that have {rounded.small} applied as border-radius.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smallest radius discernible from 0. Use this value for rounded elements inside elements that have {rounded.small} applied as border-radius.
```
